slackers what's up you ready to waste
some time cuz i am happy saturday to all
of you what are you slackers doing on
this lazy Saturday I wasn't really doing
much I slept in I gotta keep with the
rules of the slacker otherwise I would
be a doer so how many of you guys out
there play video games more specifically
battlefield 3 there's a video right now
going completely viral on YouTube called
Renzo re and Dez oh ok sorry if I'm
pronouncing that wrong now in the video
you see that there's an air fight going
on with the few planes and whatnot and
one of the guys ends up either ejecting
while assuming he ejects from one of the
airplanes and has like a rocket launcher
and ends up shooting down an enemy
aircraft as he's falling down through
the sky with the 18 music playing in the
background it is by far one of the most
epic videos I've ever seen now the
reason why it's going so crazy is
because that's really freaking hard to
do I play battlefield 3 so I know how
hard it is the maneuver in that game to
begin with the video at the current
moment has over three hundred and
thirty-eight thousand views and it's
rising pretty damn fast everybody's
talking about it but like I said it was
so awesome it inspired me to make this
video about it so without getting into a
console war or first person shooter war
just tell me in the comments section if
you are a gamer do you prefer to play
battlefield 3 or call of duty let me
know well it doesn't have to be
specifically battlefield 3 it could be
any of the battlefield series but let me
know in the comments section which one
you prefer and why I am NOT going to
tell you which one I prefer because then
everyone's gonna flame me I'll just let
you guess as far as consoles are
concerned I put I tend to play xbox 360
a little bit more just because I have
more people on there that i know but i
do own a ps3 and I do play on there from
time to time and no I do not have a
gamertag available yet for the public I
will be coming shortly but I'm sure all
of you are dying to see this clip so I
have the link of it in the description
right down there for you slack away but
that is really all that I wanted to talk
about for today so I hope you got
enjoy the video because I had a blast
making it and if you could hit up hit
the subscribe button that'd be cool I
make a lot of videos and I think you
guys will enjoy them you guys and girls
join team slacker subscribe that's all
you got to do membership is free and
give this video a thumbs up if you're
you're down with my videos pretty cool
and if you really want to go the next
step i have twitter link in the
description I tweet a lot and i will
reply to leave comments down there for
me to reply to about this topic of this
awesome epic battlefield 3 clip and I
will be sure to reply to as many of them
as I can because that's what we do here
on Team slacker so yeah that's it check
out some comments from last times video
and I am out of here dan 10 that was
lame i know sorry see you soon